Some industrialized countries have serious environmental problems. The damage to the environment is an inevitable result when a country tends to improve its standard of living. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

[opinion] there are a couple of complementary components if operated properly → economic development and environmental protection are not inimical, but complementary. They are intertwined and can be promoted simultaneously. 

AGREE → [opinion] there is no economic target that can be attained without some sacrifice made to the environment.

 Taking environmental consequences seriously is beneficial for businesses with large or small scales → it can impel them to improve their production lines, make optimal use of materials and resources and increase the profit margin. [For instance] the adoption of environmentally-friendly equipment is associated with reducing waste, minimizing pollution, and decelerating the depreciation rate of machinery.
reduce businesses’ expenditure in compliance with environmental standards
boosting the loyalty of employees → [Ex] who have an appreciation for the safety and comfort of their working environment.
a concrete link between environmental awareness of business and their favorable impression on the general public → adhering to the environmental standards can build up word of mouth reputation and trigger sales → [past] when asking to take actions to make their products less environment-damaging, some business was worried about the proportional rise in operational costs → [however] their attitudes are now subject to modification, as the expense of improving equipment is temporary, and can be paid off by forthcoming profits → More customers are keen on products made from an environmentally conscious business, in a belief that its products are free of pollutants
=> [to a broader extent/ in return] when the business has become more profitable, more money will be available for revamping the environment → probing the core of environment-related issues, the possibility of incorporating environmentally friendly practices will occur when enough fund has been raised and alternative livelihood have been explored → [Ex] Illegal logging centralizes in undeveloped countries every year where people are unable to find a job → [In comparison] economically-developed countries show more willingness to invest in forest conservation, as their industries rely less on natural resources and have become service-oriented



Many people believe that human society has developed into a throw-away society, which is filled with plastic bags and rubbish. What are the causes and solutions?

people ~ citizens
Unethical business
throw-away society ~ 
waste disposal 
low/ inefficient progress in waste treatment
plastic bags, rubbish
durable materials, non-recyclable materials
Industrial waste (heavy metal, chemicals, plastic)


CAUSE
Despite its sizable influence, many citizens have not yet realized the seriousness of this issue.
Economic advantage
The problem of Waste disposal exists due to people’s ever-growing demand for manufactured goods
The increment in the garbage is a natural result of social and economic development → Unethical businesses are the main creators of industrial waste (heavy metal, chemicals, plastic) → people’s quest for a better living standard gives them incentives to manufacture a rich variety of consumer goods | disregard the potential impact on the environment.
This practice can date back to the earliest days of the industrial revolution → produce enormous waste that is unable to be recycled | cause an environmental disaster.
use virgin materials, rather than recyclable materials in the course of production.
Awareness
Slow response to the impact of this problem on the environment
Low awareness of opportunities to reduce, reuse, and recycle waste → do not have a firm stand against over-consumption and excessive production of disposable items
not environmentally conscious → dispose of wastes whenever and wherever they consider convenient
=> That is why many communities are facing a particularly difficult position in waste treatment.



SOLUTION
It requires the spontaneous commitment of both businesses and citizens.
Manufacturing
minimize its generation → [primarily because] the more waste people produce → more waste they have to cope with.
Law
regulate corporation behaviors → make their operations environmentally friendly
Awareness



=> Tackling this problem depends on individuals’ efforts to keep the waste to a minimum but also on businesses’ attempts to optimize their manufacture and reduce the inputs.
A KEY TO PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT: RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION
https://www.iberdrola.com/environment/actions-that-protect-the-environment?fbclid=IwAR0VKJMfljFj8jKdNeoEbsX7Gljv-PkhplkImmpf_ky03N2oianaCaKw5CA

How can people take care of environmental issues?
Topic: Since environmental problems are becoming hotter and greater for people to handle. However, multi-step should be taken to minimize those issues
Main I: FOOD CONSUMPTION, adjusting the eating habits of people 
Concept: people should consume less products like red meat or fish
reason: those kind of industry may lead to the increase in the greenhouse gas emission
behavior: if we can reduce the demand for consuming the products of those industrial stock farming, people can cause less harm for the environment
solution: instead, if more agricultural land are used for growing vegetables → Not only do people can minimize the risk of environmental issues, but also improve their health
Main II: encourage citizens to use less paper bags.
Reason: The materials needed to manufacture a paper bag are a large amount of water and wood which emit harmful/ toxic gases into the atmosphere and use chemicals that pollute water and cause damage to the ecosystem. 
solution: A good substitute for paper bags are long-lasting, washable and reusable cotton bags.

Topic: Climate change is a big environmental problem that has become critical in the last couple of decades. Some people claim that humans should stop burning fossil fuels and use only alternative energy resources, such as wind and solar power. Others say that oil, gas and coal are essential for many industries, and not using them will lead to economic collapse. Discuss both views and offer your opinions

Climate change has engendered valid concerns in recent decades. To address the current situation, some people believe that fossil fuels should be completely replaced by alternative energy, while others disagree on the grounds that traditional energy resources are vital to various industries and detrimental consequences can be caused should the use of it be abolished. This essay will discuss both views and explain why I side with the latter.

It is understandable why opponents of fossil fuels advocate its eradication. The combustion of coal, oil, and natural gas, as well as the process of mining and extracting them, damages the environment and destroys habitats. By stop using them, the environment and ecosystem might be improved, thus, in theory, declining the rate of climate change. Albeit being reasonable to a certain extent, I find that school of thought to be naive and short-sighted. At this point, eliminating fossil fuels cannot immediately ameliorate the current situation as climate change has exceeded the threshold at which such extreme undertaking could take any notable effect. As ill-considered a proposal as it is, the odds are that it is very likely to be counterproductive, the reasonings of which would be elevated on alongside with the discussion of the second opinion.
 
Vital industries, such as transportation and manufacture of consumer goods, would not function properly were we to abandon fossil fuels as the available alternative energy industry is yet to be capable of fully substituting conventional resources. In addition, renewable energy is high-maintenance and costly to operate comparing to non-renewables, making it unideal a candidate for the world’s primary energy resource. The booming world population requires an ever-growing economy, and relying on an insufficient resource would lead to catastrophic consequences such as a global economic collapse. In that scenario, hunger, violence, and worldwide energy deficit would destroy everything we intended to preserve when making the erroneous decision to stop using fossil fuels. 

In conclusion, while it is true that the use of fossil fuels contributes to the accelerating change in the Earth’s climate, it would be imprudent to force the abolition of traditional energy resources as alternative energy is yet to be able to carry our economy. The best solution available is a flexible hybrid utilization of energy resources that could give us the best of both worlds.

